add section to Introduction to Plugins: Expose Response Body Text (#11)
Kong/insomnia-docs: docs/insomnia/introduction-to-plugins.md

    },

    // Force plugin hub and other entities to show specific author details
    // Useful for teams and organizations who work on the same plugin
    "publisher": {
      "name": "YOUR NAME HERE", // Plugin publisher name, displayed on plugin hub
      "icon": "https://...",    // Plugin publisher avatar or icon, absolute url
    },

    // Plugin Application Support
    // semver target supported, see https://semver.npmjs.com/ for more details

>     // * designates that all versions are targeted

Reviewer: I need to double check if this is even valid anymore. We no longer have the designer/core separation (we only have core), and I don't think this field is actually used by any logic.

Reviewer: We should be okay to remove this. I checked in both the app and on the marketing website, and it appears this data is never used. More details in this cleanup PR on the website: https://github.com/Kong/insomnia-website/pull/11.

I've also raised a cleanup PR in the app repo: https://github.com/Kong/insomnia/pull/4023.

}
```

> ### Expose Response Body Text

Reviewer: Essentially the example below is showing how to change the response body when a request is run. The question in the discussion came because the response body works with Node JS Buffers and they wanted either:
a) an updated API to change request body
b) an example of working with buffers (current API) to change request body

The example ties into `responseHooks` and shows how to work with the Node JS Buffers by:
- converting a buffer to a string
- trying to parse the string to a JS object
- modifies the response (via a random number, and a prompt to the user)
- converts the JS object to string and then to a buffer

Let me know if you need any other context to update the description and header here! :)

When developing a new plugin, you may want to expose content in the response body. In the following example, we demonstrate how you may prompt the user to enter content into a prompt and subsequently show this content when the user sends the request. 

```
const bufferToJsonObj = buf => JSON.parse(buf.toString('utf-8'));
const jsonObjToBuffer = obj => Buffer.from(JSON.stringify(obj), 'utf-8');

module.exports.responseHooks = [
  async ctx => {
    try{
      const resp = bufferToJsonObj(ctx.response.getBody());
      
      // Modify
      resp.__randomNumber = Math.random();

      // If you want something from a user, use a prompt:
      const promptResult = await ctx.app.prompt('Type something', { defaultValue: 'abcd' });
      resp.__customValue = promptResult;

      ctx.response.setBody(jsonObjToBuffer(resp));
    } catch {
      // no-op
    }
  }
]
```

> _This example specifically deals with making timestamps human readable. Update the functionality as needed._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_This example just adds a `__randomNumber` and `__customValue` property to a JSON response. Update the functionality as needed._
```

## Manage Plugins

> Plugins can be added from the **Plugins** tab in the **Preferences** menu. They can also be downloaded and installed directly from [NPM](https://insomnia.rest/plugins).

Reviewer: We can also enable and disable plugins within the app now! The little toggle switch next to a plugin

## Publish Plugins

Before you publish your plugin, ensure you have met the following criteria for your plugin to be recognized by Insomnia and be available on the [Insomnia Plugin Hub](https://insomnia.rest/plugins).

* Your plugin's `package.json` contains the `insomnia` attribute with the correct structure. See [Create a Plugin](#create-a-plugin) for more info.

> * Your plugin's package name is prefixed with `insomnia-plugin-`.

Reviewer: Do we also need to say that it should be publicly available?

Author: Yes, good point.

Reviewer: Commenting here as reference, the filter where we choose only plugins that start with `insomnia-plugin-`: https://github.com/Kong/insomnia-website/blob/b8525531fd22b8eb52c1939921be84fa0c015b57/scripts/build-plugin-cache.js#L313-L317

After you have verified that your plugin meets the criteria described above, publish your plugin following the [NPM instructions](https://docs.npmjs.com/creating-and-publishing-scoped-public-packages).

If your package does not show up on the Insomnia Plugin Hub after a few days, please [contact us](https://insomnia.rest/support) with the name of your plugin and a link to the published NPM package.

## Debug Using Chrome

> To open the Chrome Dev tools for debugging on Chrome, right click on your mouse or trackpad and click **Inspect**. If you don't use a mouse or trackpad, click on **View**, then **Developer**, and then **Developer Tools**. 

Reviewer: The right click won't work in production. They'll need to go through `View > Toggle DevTools`.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4312346/132838376-420f29af-518c-4471-8d2d-03e9ad14e5f8.png)

Author: The confusing came from no context of where you are when trying to access this tool. From the screenshot, it looks like you're opening debugging from the Insomnia app itself. Will update.

}
```

### Alter a Response Body

> The response body works with [NodeJS Buffers](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html). When developing a plugin, you may want to write an updated API and work with Buffers to change the request body. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response body works with [NodeJS Buffers](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html). In order to change the response body via a plugin, you will need to translate to/from a Buffer.
```

Just a suggestion here, pls reword as appropriate!

Author: Yes, I think we should develop on the Plugin docs. For now, I have slightly altered the language.

* Modify the response by:
  * Generating a random number
  * Prompting to user for information in a modal
* Convert the JS object to a string and then to a Buffer

```
const bufferToJsonObj = buf => JSON.parse(buf.toString('utf-8'));
const jsonObjToBuffer = obj => Buffer.from(JSON.stringify(obj), 'utf-8');

module.exports.responseHooks = [
  async ctx => {
    try{
      const resp = bufferToJsonObj(ctx.response.getBody());
      
      // Modify
      resp.__randomNumber = Math.random();

      // If you want something from a user, use a prompt:
      const promptResult = await ctx.app.prompt('Type something', { defaultValue: 'abcd' });
      resp.__customValue = promptResult;

      ctx.response.setBody(jsonObjToBuffer(resp));
    } catch {
      // no-op
    }
  }
]
```
_This example adds a `__randomNumber` and `__customValue` property to a JSON response. Update the functionality as needed._

## Manage Plugins

The **Plugins** tab in the **Preferences** menu enables the following functionality:

* Add an existing plugin
* Create a new plugin locally
* Toggle a plugin to enable or disable it
* Reveal the exact local plugin location on your machine

{:.alert .alert-primary}

> **Note**: Plugins can also be downloaded and installed directly from [NPM](https://insomnia.rest/plugins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Plugins can also be downloaded and installed directly from the [Insomnia Plugin Hub](https://insomnia.rest/plugins).
```

Your plugin should: 

* Include a correctly structured `package.json` file containing the `insomnia` attribute. See [Plugin package.json](#plugin-packagejson) for more info.
* Have a package name prefixed with `insomnia-plugin-`.
* Be publicly available. 

After you have verified that your plugin meets the criteria described above, publish your public plugin following the [NPM publish unscoped public packages instructions](https://docs.npmjs.com/creating-and-publishing-unscoped-public-packages). Publish an _unscoped_ package to ensure it appears on the Insomnia Plugin Hub. 

If your package does not show up on the Insomnia Plugin Hub after a few days, please [contact us](https://insomnia.rest/support) with the name of your plugin and a link to the published NPM package.

### Publish Scoped Plugins

Insomnia can also use private (scoped) plugins. This commonly enables enterprise users to keep the plugin private from Insomnia. 

To enable private (scoped) plugins:

1. Navigate to the `plugins` directory in [Application Data](/insomnia/application-data).

> 2. Run `npm install @scoped/plugin`.

Reviewer: Is there a step needed her to open in terminal? Not sure what level of detail is necessary.

In any case, here's a screenshot showing each case working. The first one was just put directly into the plugins folder, the 2nd and 3rd can be installed from within Insomnia, and only the 3rd will show on the Plugin Hub.

<img width="314" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4312346/133012282-c2fda43d-e731-4d0d-a624-4180c395d185.png">

Author: Thank you for the screenshot! No need to get that granular given the audience.
